github-deployments: Filter environments (#2632)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/github-deployments/.changeset/honest-tomatoes-repair.md

> ---
> '@backstage-community/plugin-github-deployments': minor
> ---
> 
> added parameter for environment filtering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage-community/plugin-github-deployments': minor
---

Added the `environments` prop to the `<EntityGithubDeploymentsCard />` component to filter deployments by environment.
```
